Create enabling_surveys_using_config_files.md (#847)
e-mission/e-mission-docs: docs/manage/enabling_surveys_using_config_files.md

- **`filled-in-label":`** contains the internationalizations for the text displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out.
  -  **`"en":` / `"es":`/ etc.** contains the text which will be displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out. For example, this might read `"Response submitted"`

8. Finally, you will define how the trip-labels (e.g. the labels for mode and purpose of each trip) will be collected. There are only 2 options currently supported by OpenPATH: `MULTILABEL` and `ENKETO`.

```json
...
"trip-labels": "MULTILABEL"
...
```
or
```json
...
"trip-labels": "ENKETO"
...
```

9. Now that your config file has been completed, you can compare it to some of our examples in the section below _Examples of configs with varying surveys (for reference)_ to make sure you have written it correctly.

# Wrap up:

1. Publish your changes to your fork of  `nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`.

2. Start the emulator and uninstall/reinstall your `em-devapp.app` so that it opens up with the config login screen and prompts you to scan into a Study/Program.

> 3. Open Safari in the emulator and paste in your `emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`, and it should automatically open up e-mission and your config will successfully be loaded into the app with the study/program you've created. _If you are using an emulator with Google Chrome, this will **NOT** work. You must click on the link, by starting up the docker-compose of [`nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`](https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/tree/surveys-info-and-surveys-data) and navigating to `http://localhost:9090/` to see a list of available links found in the `https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/blob/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/survey-resources/index.js`_

Author: ```suggestion
3. Open Safari in the emulator and paste in your `emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`, and it should automatically open up e-mission and your config will successfully be loaded into the app with the study/program you've created. _If you are using an emulator with Google Chrome, this will **NOT** work. You must click on the link, by starting up the docker-compose of [`nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`](https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/tree/surveys-info-and-surveys-data) and navigating to `http://[your local IP address]:9090/` to see a list of available links found in the `https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/blob/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/survey-resources/index.js`_
```

> 3. Open Safari in the emulator and paste in your `emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`, and it should automatically open up e-mission and your config will successfully be loaded into the app with the study/program you've created. _If you are using an emulator with Google Chrome, this will **NOT** work. You must click on the link, by starting up the docker-compose of [`nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`](https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/tree/surveys-info-and-surveys-data) and navigating to `http://[your local IP address]:9090/` to see a list of available links found in the `https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/blob/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/survey-resources/index.js`_

Author: ```suggestion
3. Open Safari in the emulator and paste in your `emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`, and it should automatically open up e-mission and your config will successfully be loaded into the app with the study/program you've created. _If you are using an emulator with Google Chrome, this will **NOT** work. You must click on the link, by starting up the docker-compose of [`nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`](https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/tree/surveys-info-and-surveys-data) and navigating to `http://10.0.2.2:9090/` (10.0.2.2 is the Android shortcut for "localhost") to see a list of available links found in the `https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/blob/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/survey-resources/index.js`_
```

## Before we begin:

If you are going to create/test your own version of the config files, you must make sure that your config file will be read in by e-mission-phone by doing the following:

_From the `e-mission-phone` root directory, navigate to `www/js/config/dynamic_config.js`. From here in the `DynamicConfig` Factory, there is a function named readConfigFromServer which contains the declaration for variable `const downloadURL = "..."`_ **Change the value of `downloadURL` to be the filepath for your config directory**
```javascript
// The URL prefix from which config files will be downloaded and read.
// Change this if you supply your own config files.
const downloadURL = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/configs/"+label+".nrel-op.json"
```

The `label` variable used by `downloadURL` is defined by the `label=` field in the "config login link" you use during the config login screen (Screenshot here). **Create a "config login link" using this format (filling in `YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL` with your own label):**

`emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`

> 

Reviewer: you need to expand this further. Where is the screenshot? Where should they specify this config login link?

  -  **`"en":` / `"es":`/ etc.** contains the text which will be displayed on the button when the survey **has not** been filled out yet. For example, this might read `"Take my survey"`
- **`filled-in-label":`** contains the internationalizations for the text displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out.
  -  **`"en":` / `"es":`/ etc.** contains the text which will be displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out. For example, this might read `"Response submitted"`

8. Finally, you will define how the trip-labels (e.g. the labels for mode and purpose of each trip) will be collected. There are only 2 options currently supported by OpenPATH: `MULTILABEL` and `ENKETO`.

```json
...
"trip-labels": "MULTILABEL"
...
```
or
```json
...
"trip-labels": "ENKETO"
...
```

9. Now that your config file has been completed, you can compare it to some of our examples to make sure you have written it correctly:

# Examples of configs with varying surveys _(for reference)_

## Basic Config Template _(without any buttons or surveys, and MULTILABEL for trip-labels)_
----

> `[your program name].nrel-op.json`

Reviewer: I think you should link to the configs here instead of copy-pasting them.
If you copy-paste, you will need to re-copy-paste every time we change the format.
It is also redundant and does not follow the DRY principle

  -  **`"en":` / `"es":`/ etc.** contains the text which will be displayed on the button when the survey **has not** been filled out yet. For example, this might read `"Take my survey"`
- **`filled-in-label":`** contains the internationalizations for the text displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out.
  -  **`"en":` / `"es":`/ etc.** contains the text which will be displayed on the button when the survey **has** been filled out. For example, this might read `"Response submitted"`

8. Finally, you will define how the trip-labels (e.g. the labels for mode and purpose of each trip) will be collected. There are only 2 options currently supported by OpenPATH: `MULTILABEL` and `ENKETO`.

```json
...
"trip-labels": "MULTILABEL"
...
```
or
```json
...
"trip-labels": "ENKETO"
...
```

9. Now that your config file has been completed, you can compare it to some of our examples below (in the section _Examples of configs with varying surveys (for reference)_) to make sure you have written it correctly:

# Wrap up:

1. Publish your changes to your fork of  `nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`

> 2. Start the emulator and uninstall/reinstall your `em-devapp.app` so that it opens up the config login screen and prompts you to scan into your Study/Program.  into Safari to get past the config login screen.

Reviewer: Fix grammar

2. Start the emulator and uninstall/reinstall your `em-devapp.app` so that it opens up with the config login screen and prompts you to scan into a Study/Program.

> 3. Open Safari in the emulator and paste in your `emission://join_study?label=YOUR_STUDY_OR_PROGRAM_LABEL&source=github`, and it should automatically open up e-mission and your config will successfully be loaded into the app with the study/program you've created. _If you are using an emulator with Google Chrome, this will **NOT** work. You must click on the link, by starting up the docker-compose of [`nrel-openpath-deploy-configs`](https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/tree/surveys-info-and-surveys-data) and navigating to `http://localhost:9090/` to see a list of available links found in the `https://github.com/sebastianbarry/nrel-openpath-deploy-configs/blob/surveys-info-and-surveys-data/survey-resources/index.js`_

Reviewer: Have you actually tried this? (navigating to `http://localhost:9090`) 
I think you will find that it doesn't actually work

Author: For Android emulator, we use `10.0.2.2` to access your local device so I fixed this in the document in https://github.com/e-mission/e-mission-docs/pull/847/commits/ab97fa96429bc303e415d7eac1b88164aa7d1d62
